what's up everybody it's looking from
SNL and today I am showing you how to
get the trapped in time achievement in
the new DLC pack that came out with mob
of the dead probably the best zombies
and most interesting zombies pack ever
to come out from Jay ark and it's a
great map so basically what you need for
this is 3,000 available points not
including door opening points or
anything and one afterlife token now
what you need to do as you saw there I
just walked up to the front door of the
warden's office and aggravated that one
trap there is no particular order new
dusan it's just convenient the way I did
it as you see Nick just went down there
because he's a total scrub what you do
is you activate one of each trap and
then you zap the final sniper tower trap
or rocket tower if you will and then you
get the achievement so you see that we
just activated the Warren the wood ins
office trap and now we're going to head
to the cafeteria trap and we're waiting
for the bomb to go off here so that way
we can keep moving without ending the
round and getting raped by millions of
zombies you see here to get to the
cafeteria you need to do is you need to
go up to the third floor here we go
there's first floor second floor dodge a
zombie and use the third floor so we run
around the corner then you drop down
calf cheers right down at the bottom
there woof all I need enough money to
open the door there so that way if the
trap isn't available it's because the
door isn't open Nick open the door
they're angry the trap boom cap goes on
don't you need to watch you peace out
and the easiest way to get to it the
last one is to ride the gondola because
it heads right to the docks super
convenient here we go we're running
running as you can see it's literally
this easy to get it sounds incredibly
hard in the description achievement but
it's a low gamerscore achievement
because it's really that easy here we go
running the gondola your best bet is to
save up around I'd say six thousand
points if you're doing this individually
she with someone else just use use
double points your advantage
here we go riding it right and it kills
a zombie they're always lightning going
off freaking weird thunderstorm in fire
or some distance cool there's a rocket
tower at the top left you just run right
down the ramp here and we're going and
we're going see right there and you run
over you hold X on it activate that last
trap then you have to hold the Nate and
kill yourself see that little power
novels nozzle right there you got to
kill yourself into afterlife mode that's
why you need the token and then you
sprint your way around and use a pit see
that that's the tower just taking a look
at it zap it oh I choked I missed you
got to make sure you jump up and hit it
the door closes and keeping a lock
trapped in time and you also get the
tower unlocked and it shoots rockets add
zombies and it's kinda ridiculous anyway
thanks for watching guys hopefully this
explained everything you needed if you
need any more help leave a comment and
comments section this is sleek from SNL
and I'll see you guys next time